[public roadmap] - doc(public roadmap) Add doc to access public roadmap #1794 (#28)
FiligranHQ/xtm-hub-docs: docs/user/roadmap.md

# Access our public roadmap

> Product managers share the public roadmap of each product on this page. The roadmap includes all Filigran solutions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product managers share the public roadmap of each product on this page. The roadmap includes the full XTM suite solutions.
```

- XTM Hub
- OpenCTI
- OpenAEV
- OpenGRC

> - XTM One

Reviewer: @hervyt can we put them in order like in the marketing banner ?

OpenCTI, OpenAEV, OpenGRC, XTM One, XTM Hub ?
